content/blog/Designing Tech-Enhanced Instruction/2023-12-02-tech-prof-2/index.md, before:

---
title: "Websites"
subtitle: "Tech Proficiency 2"
excerpt: 
author: "Katherine"
format: hugo
date: '2023-12-02'
slug: tech-proficiency-2
draft: false
editor_options: 
  markdown: 
    wrap: 72
---

**Technology:** Hugo/Github/Netlify

**Link to Proficiency:** <https://katherinetaylor.me/>

**Targeted Learners/Content area:** Future employers, fellow teachers

**Lesson objectives:** Give future employers background about myself and
teaching style, and provide lesson plans for fellow teachers.

**Lesson context:** My website could be linked on my resume so future
employers could easily get more information about me as I am applying
for teaching jobs. My website could also be used to share lesson ideas
and coding blog posts with fellow teachers or R enthusiasts.

**Goal of technology use:** The goal of my website is to share more
information about myself, and information with future employers and
teachers. My website serves as a professional website, although there
are some more personal R analyses on it. I also want it to serve as a
resource for other teachers who are looking for lesson plans on
engineering or technology.

**Brief description of how technology will be used with students:** My
website is fairly teacher-centric, but could serve as an example for
students to create their own websites. Students could use their websites
as their portfolio for an engineering class, as required by the
engineering standards.

Commit message:

Added excerpt blurb for all tech proficiencies

content/blog/Designing Tech-Enhanced Instruction/2023-12-02-tech-prof-2/index.md, after:

---
title: "Websites"
subtitle: "Tech Proficiency 2"
excerpt: "The second week of EDIS 5070, we had to create our own website. Since I already had this site, I set up a section for my tech proficiencies, and drafted a teaching philosophy. "
author: "Katherine"
format: hugo
date: '2023-12-02'
slug: tech-proficiency-2
draft: false
editor_options: 
  markdown: 
    wrap: 72
---

The second week of EDIS 5070, we had to create our own website. Since I
already had this site, I set up a section for my tech proficiencies, and
drafted a teaching philosophy.

**Technology:** Hugo/Github/Netlify

**Link to Proficiency:** <https://katherinetaylor.me/>

**Targeted Learners/Content area:** Future employers, fellow teachers

**Lesson objectives:** Give future employers background about myself and
teaching style, and provide lesson plans for fellow teachers.

**Lesson context:** My website could be linked on my resume so future
employers could easily get more information about me as I am applying
for teaching jobs. My website could also be used to share lesson ideas
and coding blog posts with fellow teachers or R enthusiasts.

**Goal of technology use:** The goal of my website is to share more
information about myself, and information with future employers and
teachers. My website serves as a professional website, although there
are some more personal R analyses on it. I also want it to serve as a
resource for other teachers who are looking for lesson plans on
engineering or technology.

**Brief description of how technology will be used with students:** My
website is fairly teacher-centric, but could serve as an example for
students to create their own websites. Students could use their websites
as their portfolio for an engineering class, as required by the
engineering standards.
